Hello, and welcome to the course!
I'm Dion, a Program Manager at Google.
I've worked in security for
the past five years in
areas ranging from risk management
to insider threat detection.
I'll be your first
instructor in this course.
As a security analyst, you'll help
protect the assets of the organization you
work for,
including tangible, or
physical, assets such as software and
network devices, as well as
intangible assets, like PII,
copyrights, and intellectual property.
Imagine if this kind of sensitive
information were to be exposed by a threat
actor! It would be devastating
to the reputation and
financial stability of the organization
and the people the organization serves.
In previous courses, we discussed
a variety of topics that are relevant to
the security profession,
including: core security concepts;
frameworks and controls;
threats, risks, and
vulnerabilities; networks;
incident detection and response;
and programming basics.
Now it's time to put all of these core
security concepts to practical use.
In this course, we'll further
explore how to protect assets and
communicate incidents.
Then, we'll discuss when and
how to escalate incidents to protect
an organization's assets and data.
We'll also cover how to communicate
effectively to influence stakeholders'
decisions related to security.
After that, Emily, your instructor for the
second part of this course will introduce
some reliable resources that will help
you engage with the security community
after you complete this
certificate program.
And finally, we'll cover how to find,
prepare for, and apply for security jobs.
This will include discussions about
how to create a compelling resume and
tips to help you throughout
the interview process.
When I started my first
security-based role,
I was excited to be hired at Google
to protect information and devices.
I was also happy to be a part of a broader
team that I could learn from and
reach out to for support.
My team helped me grow my expertise, and
I'm proud of my contribution
to our projects.
By the end of this course,
you'll have had multiple opportunities to
refine your understanding of key
security concepts, create a resume,
build confidence in your
interview skills, and
even participate in an artificial
intelligence, or AI, generated interview.
The security profession is
such an amazing field, and
I'm looking forward to you joining it!
I have one question for you:
Are you ready to get started?